feat: drop negative histogram buckets (#10505)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent/) and [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): reduce CPU and memory usage when `-promscrape.dropOriginalLabels` command-line flag is set. See [#9952](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9952).
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/), [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/), `vminsert` and `vmstorage` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): enable [ingestion](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/#metric-metadata) and in-memory [storage](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#metrics-metadata) of metrics metadata by default. Metadata ingestion can be disabled with `-enableMetadata=false`. See [#2974](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/2974).

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/), [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): drop OpenTelemetry [exponential histogram](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/metrics/data-model/#exponentialhistogram) data points containing negative buckets during ingestion, since [VictoriaMetrics histogram format](https://valyala.medium.com/improving-histogram-usability-for-prometheus-and-grafana-bc7e5df0e350) does not support negative values. The number of dropped data points is available via `vm_protoparser_rows_dropped_total{type="opentelemetry",reason="negative_histogram_buckets"}` metric. See [#9896](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9896).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/), [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vminsert` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): add a warning log when dropping unsupported negative buckets in [ExponentialHistogram](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/metrics/data-model/#exponentialhistogram) and expose `vm_protoparser_rows_dropped_total{type="opentelemetry",reason="negative_exponential_histogram_buckets"}` to track the dropped data points. Thanks to @niladrix719 for the contribution.
```
